R4R: Allow the undelegation of more coins than were delegated; More validity checks. (#3717)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/spec/auth/05_vesting.md

with an excess `DV` amount, even after all its coins have vested. This is because
undelegating free coins are prioritized.

**Note**: The undelegation (bond refund) amount may exceed the delegated
vesting (bond) amount due to the way undelegation truncates the bond refund,

> which increases the validator's exchange rate (tokens/shares) slightly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which can increase the validator's exchange rate (tokens/shares) slightly if the undelegated shares are non-integral.
```
